to whom did the virgin mary allegedly appear in 1858 in lourdes france ?
what is in front of the notre dame main building ?
the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame is beside to which structure ?
what is the grotto at notre dame ?
what sits on top of the main building at notre dame ?
when did the scholastic magazine of notre dame begin publishing ?
how often is notre dame 's the juggler published ?
what is the daily student paper at notre dame called ?
how many student news papers are found at notre dame ?
in what year did the student paper common sense begin publication at notre dame ?
where is the headquarters of the congregation of the holy cross ?
what is the primary seminary of the congregation of the holy cross ?
what is the oldest structure at notre dame ?
what individuals live at fatima house at notre dame ?
which prize did frederick buechner create ?
how many bs level degrees are offered in the college of engineering at notre dame ?
in what year was the college of engineering at notre dame formed ?
before the creation of the college of engineering similar studies were carried out at which notre dame college ?
how many departments are within the stinson-remick hall of engineering ?
the college of science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at notre dame ?
what entity provides help with the management of time for new students at notre dame ?
how many colleges for undergraduates are at notre dame ?
what was created at notre dame in 1962 to assist first year students ?
which organization declared the first year of studies program at notre dame " outstanding ? "
the granting of doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at notre dame ?
what type of degree is an m.div . ?
which program at notre dame offers a master of education degree ?
which department at notre dame is the only one to not offer a phd program ?
what institute at notre dame studies the reasons for violent conflict ?
what is the title of notre dame 's theodore hesburgh ?
in what year was the joan b. kroc institute for international peace studies founded ?
to whom was john b. kroc married ?
what company did ray kroc own ?
what is the name of the main library at notre dame ?
in what year was the theodore m. hesburgh library at notre dame finished ?
which artist created the mural on the theodore m. hesburgh library ?
what is a common name to reference the mural created by millard sheets at notre dame ?
how many incoming students did notre dame admit in fall 2015 ?
what percentage of students were admitted to notre dame in fall 2015 ?
where does notre dame rank in terms of academic profile among research universities in the us ?
what percentage of students at notre dame participated in the early action program ?
how many miles does the average student at notre dame travel to study there ?
where did u.s. news & world report rank notre dame in its 2015-2016 university rankings ?
forbes.com placed notre dame at what position compared to other us research universities ?
the undergrad school at the mendoza college of business was ranked where according to businessweek ?
in 2014 what entity named notre dame 10th best of all american universities ?
what percentage of notre dame students decide to study abroad ?
what person was the director of the science museum at notre dame in the late 19th century ?
what was the lifespan of john augustine zahm ?
what program did john augustine zahm come to co-direct at nore dame ?
what book did john zahm write in 1896 ?
what professorship did father josh carrier hold at notre dame ?
in what year did albert zahm begin comparing aeronatical models at notre dame ?
which professor sent the first wireless message in the usa ?
in what year did jerome green send his first wireless message ?
which individual worked on projects at notre dame that eventually created neoprene ?
what did the brother of john zahm construct at notre dame ?
work on a germ-free-life ended up in the creation of which notre dame institute ?
around what time did lobund of notre dame become independent ?
in what year did lobund at notre dame become an institute ?
the lobund institute was merged into the department of biology at notre dame in what year ?
when did study of a germ-free-life begin at notre dame ?
gurian created what in 1939 at notre dame ?
what was the review of politics inspired by ?
over how many years did gurian edit the review of politics at notre dame ?
thomas stritch was an editor of which publican from notre dame ?
who was the president of notre dame in 2012 ?
the kellogg institute for international studies is part of which university ?
what does the kroc institute at notre dame focus on ?
in what year did notre dame begin to host the global adaptation index ?
what threat does the global adaptation index study ?
how many undergrads were attending notre dame in 2014 ?
what percentage of students at notre dame are the children of former notre dame students ?
how many teams participate in the notre dame bookstore basketball tournament ?
for what cause is money raised at the bengal bouts tournament at notre dame ?
how many students in total were at notre dame in 2014 ?
what percentage of undergrads live on the notre dame campus ?
how many student housing areas are reserved for notre dame 's graduate students ?
how many dorms for males are on the notre dame campus ?
what amount of the graduate student body at notre dame live on the campus ?
there are how many dorms for females at notre dame ?
what is congregation of holy cross in latin ?
what percentage of notre dame students feel they are christian ?
how often is catholic mass held at notre dame in a week ?
how many chapels are on the notre dame campus ?
what amount of the student body of notre dame identifies as catholic ?
what was the music hall at notre dame called ?
in what year was the main building at notre dame razed in a fire ?
who was the president of notre dame in 1879 ?
on what date was the rebuilding of the main building begun at notre dame after the fire that claimed the previous ?
what did the science hall at notre dame come to be known as ?
what type of education was pushed at notre dame before its embracing of national standards ?
which college did notre dame add in 1921 ?
in 1919 a new president of notre dame was named , who was it ?
over how many years did the change to national standards undertaken at notre dame in the early 20th century take place ?
those who attended a jesuit college may have been forbidden from joining which law school due to the curricula at the jesuit institution ?
the notre dame football team got a new head coach in 1918 , who was it ?
what was the amount of wins knute rockne attained at notre dame while head coach ?
in what year did the team lead by knute rockne win the rose bowl ?
how many years was knute rockne head coach at notre dame ?
how many national titles were won when knute rockne coached at notre dame ?
catholic people identified with notre dame , what religious group did people feel yale represented ?
notre dame students had a showdown in 1924 with which anti-catholic group ?
which college president of notre dame is credited with preventing more confrontations between students and the kkk ?
what type of event did the klan intend to have at notre dame in march of 1924 ?
where did notre dame students and the kkk have their encounter ?
which person became vice-president of notre dame in 1933 ?
who was the president of notre dame in 1934 ?
irvin abell was given what award by notre dame ?
which year was the laetare medal first given out at notre dame ?
for whos glory did father o'hara believed that the notre dame football team played ?
around the time that rev . cavanaugh became president of notre dame by how much did the undergrad student body of notre dame increase ?
which institute involving animal life did cavanaugh create at notre dame ?
what is o'shaughnessy hall of notre dame formerly known as ?
which president did notre dame have in 1947 ?
outside of an institute studying animals , what other institute did cavanugh create at notre dame ?
what was the lifespan of theodore hesburgh ?
in the time that hesburgh was president of notre dame by what factor did the operating budget increase ?
what was the size of the notre dame endowment when theodore hesburgh became president ?
during what years was theodor hesburgh president of notre dame ?
how many faculty members were at notre dame when hesburgh left the role of president ?
what type of educational institute is hesburgh given credit for creating at notre dame ?
which role did charles sheedy have at notre dame ?
what title did thomas blantz have at notre dame ?
in what year did notre dame have its earliest undergraduate that was female ?
with what institute did notre dame agree to an exchange program in the 1960s ?
during what years was edward malloy president of notre dame ?
what was the sat score , on average , at notre dame when edward malloy became president ?
when malloy became president of notre dame what was the size of the endowment ?
when malloy reached the end of his time as president how much annuals funding for research did notre dame have ?
the amount of professors at notre dame increased by what amount under malloy ?
when did john jenkins become the president of notre dame ?
in terms of the amount of presidents notre dame has had , where is john jenkins on the list ?
who was the notre dame president that preceded john jenkins ?
which arena was constructed under jenkins at notre dame ?
how much money was spent on enhancing notre dame stadium under john jenkins ?
which congregation is in charge of the old college at notre dame ?
what structure is found on the location of the original church of father sorin at notre dame ?
in which architectural style is the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame made ?
which individual painted the inside of the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame ?
in what year was the grotto of our lady of lourdes at notre dame constructed ?
which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at notre dame in 1883 ?
in what year did the student union building at notre dame get renamed to lafortune center ?
after which individual was the lafortune center notre dame named ?
how large in square feet is the lafortune center at notre dame ?
what is the annual budget of notre dame 's lafortune center ?
how many halls are at notre dame that house students ?
which library was built at notre dame in 1963 ?
how many books are housed at the theodore hesburgh library ?
construction for which hall started on march 8th 2007 at notre dame ?
which baseball stadium is found at notre dame ?
in what year did notre dame create the office of sustainability ?
what percentage of the food served at notre dame is locally grown ?
notre dame got a " b " for its sustainability practices from which entity ?
gustavo gutierrez is faculty of which institute ?
in what year did notre dame first have a facility in england ?
at which location is the london center operated by notre dame found ?
notre dame has a center in beijing , what is it referred to as ?
in what year did the suffolk street location start to house a notre dame facility ?
what was notre dame 's first college ?
in what year was the the college of arts and letters at notre dame created ?
in what year did the college of arts and letters at notre dame grant its first degree ?
on which university did notre dame base its curriculum on ?
how many ba majors does the college of arts and letters at notre dame offer ?
which president at notre dame created the college of science ?
in what year was the notre dame college of science formed ?
how many years long was a scientific course under patrick dillon at notre dame ?
which hall at notre dame contains the current college of science ?
how many undergrad students attend the college of science at notre dame today ?
in 1899 notre dame formed which college ?
in what building is the current school of architecture housed at notre dame ?
what length is the course of study at the notre dame school of architecture ?
in which location do students of the school of architecture of notre dame spend their 3rd year ?
which prestigious prize does the school of architecture at notre dame give out ?
in what year did the opening of a theology library at notre dame occur ?
where is the theology library at notre dame ?
how many books are held by the notre dame libraries ?
currently where does notre dame 's library rank in the nation ?
what caused many intellectual catholics to leave europe in the 1930s ?
from where did anton-hermann chroust come to reach notre dame ?
what field of study did anton-hermann chroust specialize in ?
who did waldemar gurian receive his tutelage under while seeking his doctorate ?
what was ivan meštrović known for being ?
the school known as notre dame is known by a more lengthy name , what is it ?
what type of institution is the notre dame ?
the french words notre dame du lac translate to what in english ?
who is the patron saint of notre dame ?
how large is notre dame in acres ?
what caused notre dame to become notable in the early 20th century ?
which 20th century notre dame football coach is most notable ?
which athletic association are the student athletes at notre dame a part of ?
how many students at notre dame received the heisman trophy ?
there were multiple students from notre dame who entered the pro football hall of fame , how many ?
where among us universities does notre dame rank ?
how many individual colleges are part of notre dame ?
which prize does the architecture school at notre dame give out ?
how many doctorate and masters programs are available at notre dame ?
which art museum does notre dame administer ?
in what year was father edward sorin given two years to create a college ?
which individual offered land to father edward sorin ?
which church was father edward sorin representing ?
on what date did brothers from holy cross arrive at the future location of notre dame ?
which structure was the first used for the purposes of the college ?
in what year did the initial degrees get handed out at notre dame ?
in what year did the original sorin built main building get replaced ?
which individual began a library at notre dame ?
in what year had the library at notre dame reach 10,000 books ?
in what year was the library at notre dame started ?
which television station finds its home at notre dame ?
how many programs did ndtv feature in 2002 ?
which radio station provides radio to the students of notre dame at 88.9 fm ?
which internet radio station of notre dame is served as an internet stream ?
how much is eddy street commons at notre dame expected to cost ?
when was ground broke on the eddy street commons project of notre dame ?
who is the developer of eddy street commons ?
which entity did notre dame hire to build a parking structure outside of eddy street commons ?
there were protested as a part of the construction at eddy street commons , they came due tot he hiring of whom ?
what does the acronym ncaa stand for ?
which league did notre dame fighting irish teams participate in in 1982 ?
what when conference do the notre dame fencing teams take part in ?
there is a conference that the male hockey team of notre dame competes in , what is it ?
in what conference did the fighting irish take part in in 2012 ?
to what conference did the fighting irish go after the big east ?
how many teams in each season do the fighting irish commit to play against acc opponents ?
where did the fighting irish hockey team compete prior to a move to hockey east , in terms of conference ?
what colors are the official ones used by notre dame in sport competition ?
what type of mascot do the notre dame sport teams have ?
who currently provides uniforms to notre dame sport teams ?
what is the value of the contract between under armour and notre dame ?
when did the notre dame marching band form ?
what is notable about the notre dame marching band ?
what is the notre dame fight song ?
which team did notre dame 's football team find inspiration from ?
in what year did notre dame football begin ?
what university is notre dame tied with in terms of most heisman trophy winners ?
against which team does notre dame compete for the jeweled shillelagh ?
in terms of notre dame students in the college football hall of fame the amount of students named is what ?
what notable football player played at notre dame from 1916 to 1920 ?
against which opponent did knute rockne tell his team to " win one for the gipper ? "
which person portrayed knute rockne in the 1940 movie " knute rockne ? "
ronald reagan played the role of whom in 1940 's " knute rockne ? "
what is displayed at zahm house for football home games at notre dame ?
what occurs at midnight preceding a football home game at notre dame ?
from where does the band of the fighting irish lead a march to the notre dame stadium for football home games ?
what songs does the trumpet section of the band of the fighting irish play preceding home football games ?
on what day do notre dame home football games occur ?
how many wins does the notre dame men 's basketball team have ?
how many schools have a similar men 's basketball record to notre dame in terms of wins ?
how many ncaa tournaments did the notre dame men 's basketball team take part in ?
which notre dame men 's basketball player has the record for more points in one game ?
who was the notre dame men 's basketball coach in 2014 ?
who wrote the original lyrics to the notre dame victory march ?
in what year did michael j. shea graduate from notre dame ?
who is responsible for writing the music for " notre dame victory march ? "
in what year did " notre dame victory march " get copyrighted ?
to where are the loyal sons in " notre dame fight song " marching ?
ronald reagan had a nickname , what was it ?
in what film did a parody of the " win one for the gipper " speech appear ?
who starred as daniel ruettiger in the film rudy ?
which person was a former comrade to ted striker in the film airplane ! ?
pat o'brien portrayed which person in the film knute rockne ?
which secretary of state attended notre dame ?
which notre dame alum from the college of science won a nobel prize ?
who is the current president of notre dame ?
mariel zagunis is notable for winning what ?
which notable astronaut is known to have attended notre dame ?
when did beyonce start becoming popular ?
what areas did beyonce compete in when she was growing up ?
when did beyonce leave destiny 's child and become a solo singer ?
in what city and state did beyonce grow up ?
in which decade did beyonce become famous ?
in what r & b group was she the lead singer ?
what album made her a worldwide known artist ?
who managed the destiny 's child group ?
in what city did beyonce grow up ?
what was the name of beyonce 's first solo album ?
on what date was beyonce born ?
what is beyonce 's full name ?
when did beyoncé rise to fame ?
what role did beyoncé have in destiny 's child ?
what was the first album beyoncé released as a solo artist ?
when did beyoncé release dangerously in love ?
how many grammy awards did beyoncé win for her first solo album ?
what was beyoncé 's role in destiny 's child ?
what was the name of beyoncé 's first solo album ?
when did beyoncé release her first solo album ?
after her second solo album , what other entertainment venture did beyonce explore ?
which artist did beyonce marry ?
to set the record for grammys , how many did beyonce win ?
for what movie did beyonce receive her first golden globe nomination ?
when did beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management ?
which album was darker in tone from her previous work ?
after what movie portraying etta james , did beyonce create sasha fierce ?
when did destiny 's child end their group act ?
what was the name of beyoncé 's second solo album ?
what was beyoncé 's first acting job , in 2006 ?
who is beyoncé married to ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's alter-ego ?
in her music , what are some recurring elements in them ?
time magazine named her one of the most 100 what people of the century ?
which magazine declared her the most dominant woman musician ?
in which decade did the recording industry association of america recognize beyonce as the the top certified artist ?
what magazine rated beyonce as the most powerful female musician in 2015 ?
how did beyonce describe herself as a feminist ?
in which years did time rate beyonce in the 100 most influential people in the world ?
how many records has beyonce sold in her 19 year career ?
how many records did beyoncé sell as part of destiny 's child ?
after leaving destiny 's child , how many records did beyoncé release under her own name ?
how many grammy awards has beyoncé won ?
what magazine named beyoncé as the most powerful female musician for 2015 ?
beyonce 's younger sibling also sang with her in what band ?
where did beyonce get her name from ?
what race was beyonce 's father ?
beyonce 's childhood home believed in what religion ?
beyonce 's father worked as a sales manager for what company ?
beyonce 's mother worked in what industry ?
what younger sister of beyonce also appeared in destiny 's child ?
beyonce is a descendent of what arcadian leader ?
what company did beyoncé 's father work for when she was a child ?
what did beyoncé 's mother own when beyoncé was a child ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's younger sister ?
beyoncé is a descendant of which acadian leader ?
beyoncé was raised in what religion ?
what town did beyonce go to school in ?
who was the first person to notice beyonce 's singing ability ?
beyonce moved to which town after she left her first elementary school ?
which of her teachers discovered beyonce 's musical talent ?
i which church was beyonce a member and soloist in the choir ?
what type of school was parker elementary school ?
which song did beyonce sing to win a competition at age 7 ?
what city was beyoncé 's elementary school located in ?
what was the name of beyoncé 's first dance instructor ?
how old was beyoncé when she won a school talent show ?
what choir did beyoncé sing in for two years ?
who decided to place beyonce 's group in star search the talent show ?
in 1995 , who decided to manage the girls singing group ?
who was the first record label to give the girls a record deal ?
who brought beyonce to california and enter her group in star search ?
in what year did beyonce 's father quit his job to manage her group ?
what large record company recorded beyonce 's group 's first album ?
what record company first signed beyonce 's group and later cut them ?
at what age did beyonce meet latavia robertson ?
how old was beyoncé when she met latavia roberson ?
what was the name of the first group beyoncé was a part of ?
who placed girl 's tyme in star search ?
when did beyoncé begin to manage the girl group ?
who signed the girl group on october 5 , 1995 ?
which film featured destiny 's child 's first major single ?
for which song , did destiny 's child take home the grammy award for best r & b performance ?
who did beyonce record with for the movie " the best man ? "
beyonce 's group changed their name to destiny 's child in what year ?
the name destiny 's child was based on a quote in which book of the bible ?
debut song , " killing time " was featured on what movie 's sound track ?
what song won best r & b performance in the 43 annual grammy awards ?
what singer did beyonce record a song with for the movie , "the best man " ?
where did destiny 's child get their name from ?
destiny 's child song , killing time , was included in which film 's soundtrack ?
what was destiny 's child 's first major song hit ?
when did destiny 's child release their second album ?
who did beyoncé sing a duet with for " the best man " film ?
what mental health issue did beyonce go through ?
what event occured after she was publicly criticized ?
who supported beyonce through her depression ?
how long was beyonce depressed ?
who helped beyonce fight her depression the most ?
who replaced luckett and roberson in destiny 's child ?
who was blamed for luckett and roberson leaving destiny 's child ?
who helped beyoncé overcome her depression during the years following the destiny 's child split ?
which newest member was removed from destiny 's child ?
" charlie 's angels " featured which single from the band members ?
how many weeks did their single " independent women part i " stay on top ?
for what network , did beyonce land a major movie role in ?
their third album , survivor , sold how many during its first week ?
what french composer wrote the original opera "carmen " in the 19th century ?
what album caused a lawsuit to be filed in 2001 ?
independent women part i was on which 2000 film 's soundtrack ?
which film did beyoncé star in 2001 with mekhi phifer ?
what was the name of destiny child 's third album ?
who filed a lawsuit over survivor ?
when did destiny 's child announce their hiatus ?
who did beyonce star with in the movie , " austin powers in goldmember " ?
which three countries did beyonce 's song " work it out " achieve top ten status ?
beyonce starred with cuba gooding jr. in which film ?
who did beyonce record the lead single with in the movie " the fighting temptations " ?
which other song from the soundtrack did better in the charts ?
what film did beyonce appear in with mike myers ?
what large amount did the movie " goldmember " gross ?
what genre of movie did beyonce star in with cuba gooding , jr ?
what song was the lead single from the film 's sound track ?
how did the critics view the movie , "the fighting temptations " ?
what film did beyoncé star in with mike myers in 2002 ?
what was beyoncé 's character called in austin powers in goldmember ?
which song did beyoncé release as the lead single for austin powers in goldmember 's soundtrack ?
what musical comedy did beyoncé star in along with cuba gooding , jr. in 2003 ?
what song did beyoncé release as the lead single from the fighting tempations ?
what was the highest beyonce 's first solo recording achieved in the billboard hot 100 ?
beyonce 's first album by herself was called what ?
how many has " dangerously in love " sould worldwide since its debut ?
beyonce 's first number one song was which song ?
how many top five singles came from her first album ?
beyonce 's first solo album in the u.s. with what artist in the lead single ?
what solo album did beyonce release in 2003 ?
the album , dangerously in love achieved what spot on the billboard top 100 chart ?
" the closer i get to you " was recorded with which artist ?
which artist was associated with beyoncé 's premiere solo recording ?
when did beyoncé release her first solo album ?
what is the lead single on beyoncé 's first album ?
who helped beyoncé earn a grammy award for best r & b performance by a duo or group at the 46th annual grammy awards ?
destiny 's child 's final album was named what ?
destiny 's child got a star on the hollywood walk of fame in what year ?
in what year did beyonce embark on her dangerously in love tour of europe ?
what was the name of the final album of destiny 's child ?
it was announced that destiny 's child would disban in what european city ?
when did destiny 's child get their star on the hollywood walk of fame ?
what was the name of beyoncé 's european start that started in november 2003 ?
who did beyoncé tour with for the verizon lades first tour ?
what major event did beyoncé perform at on february 1 , 2004 ?
how many albums did beyonce sell in the first week when she released her second album ?
the lead single from the album was which song ?
how many countries did her song " irreplaceable " get number one status in ?
how many singles did her second album produce ?
what birthday did beyonce 's album b'day celebrate ?
what artist did beyonce duet with in the single , " deja vu " ?
how high did "deja vu " climb on the billboard chart ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's second album ?
how many copies did b'day sell during the first week of its release ?
who collaborated with beyoncé on the single , deja vu ?
which single from b'day was only released in the u.k. ?
what movie did beyonce act in 2006 ?
her second movie beyonce did was what film ?
the single , " listen " was featured in which movie ?
beyonce 's first world tour was when ?
how much money did beyonce 's tour make in 2007 ?
how many millions of dollars did "the pink panther " gross world-wide ?
what did beyonce call her first concert tour ?
who was beyonce 's duet with in "beautiful liar " ?
which film did beyoncé star with steve martin in ?
beyoncé 's role in dreamgirls was based on what pop singer ?
what was the lead single for the dreamgirls soundtrack ?
what was the name of beyoncé 's first international tour ?
what pop singer did a duet with beyoncé on beautiful liar ?
beyonce got married in 2008 to whom ?
her third album , " i am ... sasha fierce " was released when ?
for which decade , did beyonce have more top ten songs than any other woman ?
which singer beat out beyonce for best video performance ?
in 2009 , beyonce started her second world tour and grossed how much money ?
how did she reveal the marriage ?
when did beyonce begin her second world tour ?
who beat out beyonce for best female video ?
how much did the second world tour make in dollars ?
when did beyoncé get married ?
who did beyoncé marry ?
who is beyoncé 's alter ego ?
the video for what song won beyoncé the 2009 mtv video of the year award ?
which prominent star felt the 2009 female video of the year award should have went to beyoncé instead of taylor swift ?
beyonce portrayed which character in the film , cadillac records ?
beyonce gave her entire salary from cadillac records to which organization ?
which song did beyonce sing at the first couple 's inaugural ball ?
what genre of film was the movie , obsessed , in which beyonce starred in ?
a fight scene from the movie , obsessed , won which award for beyonce ?
where did beyonce donate her salary from the movie cadillac records ?
what thriller film did beyonce star in ?
what was the name of the woman she played in obsessed ?
how much more that the buget did the film gross ?
which singer did beyoncé portray in cadillac records ?
which organization received beyoncé 's entire cadillac records salary ?
where did beyoncé perform on january 20 , 2009 ?
which thriller film did beyoncé star in with ali larter ?
how many awards was beyonce nominated for at the 52nd grammy awards ?
beyonce tied with which artist for most nominations by a female artist ?
in 2010 , beyonce worked with which other famous singer ?
beyonce tied who for most number one singles by a female ?
beyonce received how many nominations at the 52nd annual grammy awards ?
what song was the sixth first place song for beyonce ?
who else appeared with beyonce in telephone ?
who did they tie with for six top songs ?
who did beyonce tie with for the most nominations in a year ?
how many nominations did beyoncé receive at the 52nd grammy awards ceremony ?
who did beyoncé tie with for the most grammy nominations for female artists ?
beyoncé was a featured artist on which singer 's hit , telephone ?
who did beyoncé and lady gaga tie with for the most number one hits since 1992 ?
beyonce would take a break from music in which year ?
which year did beyonce and her father part business ways ?
which famous landmark did beyonce see in china ?
in what year did beyonce have her hiatus ?
who inspired this hiatus ?
when did she stop using her father as a manager ?
how long did the hiatus last ?
what did beyoncé announce in january 2010 ?
who suggested the hiatus for beyoncé ?
who did beyoncé part ways with during her hiatus ?
how long did her hiatus last ?
in which year was reports about beyonce performing for muammar gaddafi surface ?
who did beyonce donate the money to earned from her shows ?
beyonce became the first female artist to perform solo in 20 years at which stage ?
which organization did beyonce 's spokespeople confirm her donations to ?
beyonce was listed in 2011 as the highest paid performer per what ?
hoe did everyone learn that beyonce performed for kaddafi ?
when did this leak happen ?
who did she tell about the donation ?
where did beyonce perform in 2011 ?
who did beyoncé perform privately for in 2011 ?
who released the information about beyoncé 's performance for the libyan ruler ?
which organization did beyoncé donate her pay for the private performance to ?
beyoncé was the first female singer to headline what at the 2011 glastonbury festival ?
beyonce 's fourth album debuted in what year ?
which single had the most success from that album ?
beyonce won an award for which activity in 2011 ?
in 2011 , beyonce performed for four nights where ?
when was beyonce 's forth album released ?
how many copies did the album sell in its first week ?
who awarded beyonce and award for writing ?
when did she perform at the roseland ballroom ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's fourth studio album ?
when was 4 released ?
how many copies of 4 sold in the first week ?
what magazine did beyoncé write a story for about her earlier hiatus ?
where did beyoncé perform for four nights of standing room only concerts in 2011 ?
when did beyonce have her first child ?
where did beyonce give birth to her first child ?
beyonce 's first child is named what ?
her first appearance performing since giving birth was where ?
when did beyonce have her first child ?
what was the child 's name ?
how long was it after the birth of her child before she performed again ?
how many nights did she perform at atlantic city ?
when did beyoncé give birth to a daughter ?
what did beyoncé name her daughter ?
where was blue ivy born ?
where was beyoncé 's first public performance after giving birth ?
how many nights did beyoncé play at the resort ?
beyonce 's documentary movie was called what ?
what did beyonce sign in 2013 ?
when did destiny 's child release its album " love songs " ?
what was the title of the added track in love songs ?
at whose inauguration did she perform the national anthem ?
how many tweets per minute did the half time show get ?
when did destiny 's child release love songs ?
what was the new track for love songs ?
what did beyoncé sing at president obama 's second inauguration ?
what event did beyoncé perform at one month after obama 's inauguration ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's documentary film ?
how many dates did beyonce 's " the mrs. carter show " entail ?
one of beyonce 's most successful tours yet was which one ?
beyonce wrote which song for the movie " epic " ?
beyonce voiced a character in which animated film ?
when did the tour begin ?
of what event was beyonce honorary chair ?
what part did she voice for the movie epic ?
what song did beyonce record for the film epic ?
what was the name of beyoncé 's tour that she started on april 15 ?
how many dates did the mrs. carter show world tour have ?
which amy winehouse song did beyoncé cover and release in may 2014 ?
beyoncé was an honorary chair of the 2013 what ?
which character in the film , epic , was voiced by beyoncé ?
where did beyonce release her 5th album to a huge surprise ?
when did beyonce get her fifth consecutive number one hit album ?
where was the album released ?
who joined beyonce on her on the run tour ?
who reported beyonce to e the top earning woman in music ?
how much more were her earnings that the year before ?
when did beyoncé release her fifth studio album ?
how many digital copies of her fifth album did beyoncé sell in six days ?
what song on beyoncé 's fifth studio album featured her husband ?
what was the name of the tour featuring both beyoncé and jay z ?
how many awards did beyonce take home with her at the 57th grammy awards ?
which artist beat beyonce out for album of the year ?
which magazine did beyonce pose on the cover for in august of 2015 ?
beyonce would perform with who at superbowl 50 ?
beyonce took home how many awards at the 57th grammy awards ?
beyonce lost to which artist for album of the year ?
who did beyonce perform next to during superbowl 50 ?
if beyonce won three grammies in 2015 , how many was she nominated for ?
on what magazine was she the cover model ?
who would she perform with at superbowl 50 ?
with what british band did beyonce perform on their album ?
how many awards was beyoncé nominated for at the 57th annual grammys ?
how many awards did beyoncé win at the 57th annual grammys ?
beyoncé lost the album of the year award to which entertainer ?
which magazine did beyoncé pose for the cover , making her the first black female artist to do so ?
who did beyonce perform with at super bowl 50 ?
beyonce released the song " formation " on which online music service ?
beyonce 's new single released before the super bowl was called what ?
what day did beyonce release her single , formation ?
how was the single released ?
what was the name of the streaming service ?
what kind of platform was the song released ?
when did beyoncé release formation ?
where did beyoncé exclusively release her single , formation ?
as of april 2014 , how many albums have jay z and beyonce sold together ?
where did beyonce become pregnant ?
beyonce described what as the " hardest thing she had to endure " ?
who did beyonce have a relationship with ?
when were beyonce and jay z married ?
together how records have they sold ?
how did beyonce deal with the miscarriage of her child ?
where was beyonce when she became pregnant ?
in which music video did beyoncé star as jay z 's girlfriend , creating speculation about their relationship ?
when were beyoncé and jay z married ?
how many records combined have beyoncé and jay z sold ?
what did beyoncé describe as the saddest thing in her life ?
where did beyoncé get pregnant ?
jay z and beyonce attended which event together in august of 2011 ?
beyonce confirmed what after performing one of her songs ?
how many people watched the 2011 mtv music awards ?
where did she announce her pregnancy ?
why was the broadcast the most-watched in history ?
what even was recorded in the guinness world records ?
what was the most searched term in week of aug 29 , 2011 ?
what song did she perform at the mtv awards ?
where did beyoncé announce her pregnancy ?
what song did beyoncé sing prior to announcing her pregnancy ?
how many people watched the 2011 mtv video music awards ?
what was the most searched term on google for the week of august 29 , 2011 ?
jay z has a website called what ?
which song by jay z talked about the pregnancy struggles ?
what was the name of beyonce 's daughter ?
at what hospital was the baby delivered ?
what was the named of the song dedicated to the child ?
what does b.i.c . stand for ?
who was credited for her cries on the song ?
when did beyoncé give birth to her daughter ?
what did beyoncé and jay z name their daughter ?
what song did jay z release two days after blue ivy was born ?
what is included at the end of glory ?
how was blue ivy credited on glory ?
beyonce and jay-z went to a rally for the acquittal of whom ?
beyonce sang which song during the 2009 presidential inauguration ?
how much did beyonce raise for obama at the 40/40 club ?
what did she endorse on march 26 , 2013 ?
what did they attend in july 2013 ?
what did she sing at the 2009 presidential inauguration ?
what song did beyoncé perform at the 2009 inauguration of obama ?
what song did beyoncé perform at the first inaugural dance for the obamas .
what social media platform did beyoncé upload a picture of her paper ballot on ?
when did beyoncé endorse on march 26 , 2013 ?
beyonce did an interview with which magazine and was asked about feminism ?
beyonce supported which campaign that encourages leadership in girls ?
where was beyonce quoted as saying that she is a modern-day feminist ?
when did she say the she is a feminist ?
what campaign did she contribute to ?
what song did she release in 2013 in response to a speech ?
what does ban bossy encourage ?
beyoncé used words from which nigerian author in her song , flawless ?
which campaign does beyoncé contribute to that encourages leadership in females ?
beyonce signed a letter with who in 2015 ?
an important un summit took place when ?
the letter beyonce signed focused on what issue ?
what had to be set in developing funding ?
when did beyonce sign a letter for one campaign ?
to whom was the letter addressed ?
who are these women ?
when will they meet ?
who did beyoncé sign a letter for in 2015 ?
who was the letter addressed to ?
what was angela merkel serving as in relation to the letter ?
what did the letter want the two recipients to focus on ?
beyonce along with jay z met with whom 's family after their death ?
beyonce with jay z gave lots of money to bail who out of prison ?
who 's death caused this protest ?
how much bail money did they spend ?
beyonce beat out which musical artists for most paid between june 2007 and june 2008 ?
beyonce and jay z got a guinness world record for what in 2009 ?
beyonce became the highest-paid black musician in which year ?
up until may of 2015 , how much is beyonce 's total worth ?
between 2008 and 2009 , which entertainers did beyonce beat in earnings ?
in 2012 who placed beyonce at 16 in the celebrity list ?
when did she and jay z become the highest paid black celebrity couple ?
how much did she earn in 2014 ?
what is beyonce 's net worth in 2015 ?
who began reporting beyoncé 's annual earnings , starting in 2008 ?
when did beyoncé become the highest paid black musician , ever ?
who predicted that beyoncé would become the highest paid black entertainer ?
when did jay z and beyoncé become the first music couple worth over a billion dollars ?
beyonce 's range in singing is how many octaves ?
who talked about beyonce 's tone and timbre as distinctive ?
which critic called beyonce 's voice " versatile " ?
which era was credited to have influenced beyonce 's singing style by jody rosen ?
how many octaves does beyonce have ?
what did the daily mail say about beyonce 's voice ?
what does rosen claim influenced beyonce 's style ?
what do other critics claim ?
how many octaves does beyoncé 's voice span ?
why is beyoncé known as the centerpiece of destiny 's child ?
new york times ' jon pareles calls beyoncé 's voice velvety yet what ?
what does jody rosen say influenced beyoncé 's vocal style ?
music from beyonce is generally categorized as what genre ?
besides r & b , which genres does beyonce dabble in ?
beyonce mostly releases english songs , but what other language did she release songs ?
spanish songs beyonce released were for what ?
beyonce was coached for her spanish songs by which american ?
what kind of music does beyonce do ?
what language does she mainly sing ?
what other language has she sung ?
what album did she re-release in spanish ?
what style of music does beyoncé usually perform ?
what language did beyoncé release several songs in ?
who coached beyoncé for her spanish recordings ?
what album did the spanish songs come from ?
beyonce does not create which aspect of her music ?
an example of a song aimed towards a male audience is what ?
what theme was beyonce 's early music ?
with jay z what were her new themes ?
what does she get credits for in her music ?
what part of production does she do ?
beyoncé 's early recordings empowered who ?
in addition to co-writing credits , beyoncé also got what credits for most of her albums ?
rather than beats , what two things does beyoncé usually come up with for producers ?
pop songwriter of the year award in 2001 was awarded to whom ?
beyonce received the pop songwriter of the year award at which event ?
beyonce has the same number of writing credits on number one singles as whom ?
beyonce joined 2 other women on what list from billboard magazine in 2011 ?
when did beyonce become the first african american woman to win pop songwriter of the year ?
what place is she tied for in songwriting credits ?
who listed her at number 17 in their list of top 20 hot 100 songwriters ?
where does she place in writing credits for three number one songs ?
what did beyoncé win in 2001 , making her the first black woman to do so ?
who gave beyoncé the pop songwriter of the year award in 2001 ?
beyoncé was one of how many women on billboard magazine 's 2011 " top 20 hot 100 songwriters " list .
what number was beyoncé on the top 20 hot 100 songwriters list ?
to whom did beyonce credit as her major influence on her music ?
how old was beyonce when she went to her first michael jackson concert as a kid ?
beyonce gave a tribute award to who in 2006 ?
beyonce cites mariah carey to making her want to start doing what ?
who influenced beyonce ?
what song by mariah carey influenced her ?
who is beyoncé 's biggest musical influence ?
what was beyoncé 's first concert ?
who does beyoncé feel is an all-around entertainer ?
who does she credit for the inspiration to " get up there and do what she did " ?
what song caused beyoncé to practice runs as a child ?
what themes were influenced by her acting role in dreamgirls ?
which singer did beyonce honor by entertaining with her song " deja vu " ?
who motivated beyonce to explore other areas of music ?
what movie influenced beyonce towards empowerment themes ?
how did etta james influence her ?
where did she perform wearing baker 's hula skirt ?
what singer inspired beyoncé 's b'day album ?
what song did beyoncé sing at a 2006 concert to honor josephine baker ?
beyonce has noted which first lady with saying " she proves you can do it all " ?
which month and year did beyonce credit madonna for inspiring her to take control of her career ?
beyonce has said that who embodies the " definition of inspiration and a strong woman " ?
who personally influences beyonce ?
hoe does she describe oprah winfrey ?
how does she describe jean- michel basquiat ?
how does madonna influence her ?
how does she describe jay z ?
who inspires beyoncé because " she does it all ? "
who does beyoncé describe as the definition of inspiration ?
who does beyoncé describe as lyrical and raw ?
who inspired beyoncé to take control of her career ?
beyonce had an all-female tour band whose name was what ?
beyonce had singers in the background known by the name as ?
the mamas members included which 3 musicians ?
the mamas first appearance was when ?
what band did beyonce introduce in 2006 ?
what song name does the band suga mama and a song on the b'day album share ?
where did suga mama band make their first appearance ?
what band supports beyonce in her tours ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's female tour band ?
suga mama is also a song on which beyoncé album ?
what are beyoncé 's backup singers called ?
when did the mamas make their debut ?
what characteristics has beyonce received acclaim for ?
which former president of def jam called beyonce the greatest entertainer alive ?
for what does beyonce receive praise ?
who chose her as number one on his list of best singers/ dancers ?
how has l.a. reid described her ?
how does alice jones describe her ?
who has beyoncé at number one on her five best singer/dancers ?
who has said that beyoncé is the best entertainer alive ?
beyonce self proclaimed alter ego is named what ?
her alter ego was born when according to beyonce ?
what year did beyonce do away with sasha fierce ?
beyonce brought back sasha fierce during which event ?
how does she describe sasha ?
later what did she say about sasha ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's alter ego ?
when did beyoncé introduce sasha fierce ?
sasha fierce was created during the making of what song ?
who did beyoncé tell in february 2010 that sasha fierce was no longer needed ?
beyonce 's sex appeal is characterized as what ?
which music journalist described beyonce as a " crossover sex symbol ? "
which word spawned from a term used to describe beyonce in 2006 ?
bootylicious was a song from which act that beyonce performed with ?
oxford dictionary added which word from the 2000s dedicated to beyonce ?
what word is often used to describe beyonce/
when was the term added to the dictionary ?
what journalist wrote that beyoncé was a " sex symbol " ?
because of beyoncé 's physical shape , what slang term has been used to describe her ?
in what year was the slang term from a title of a destiny 's child song that is also used to describe beyoncé put in the dictionary ?
how does beyoncé say she likes to dress off-stage ?
in september 2010 , what career area did beyonce start exploring ?
beyonce 's first modelling event was at where ?
" world 's most beautiful woman " was declared to beyonce by which national magazine ?
which month and year did gq feature beyonce on its cover ?
what tv network listed beyonce as number 1 on its 100 sexiest artists list ?
who called beyonce the world 's most beautiful woman ?
who called her hottest female singer of all time ?
when did she appear on the cover of gq ?
vh1 listed her at what number on their 100 sexiest artists list ?
what year did beyoncé first model for tom ford ?
what magazine said beyoncé was the " world 's most beautiful woman " ?
what title did complex award beyoncé ?
what museum has made several models of beyoncé in wax ?
which parent of beyonce 's help co-write a book ?
which african-american woman before beyonce had posed for si swimsuit issue ?
what was the title of beyonce 's mother 's book ?
when was she on the sports illustrated cover ?
who was she the second african american on the cover after ?
beyoncé was the second african american woman featured as a swimsuit cover on the magazine , who was first ?
what magazine said beyoncé was the " best-dressed celebrity " ?
beyonce has a fan base that is referred to as what ?
before the bey hive , fans of beyonce were called what ?
which social media company proclaimed beyonce fans are know as the bey hive ?
what is beyonce 's fan base called ?
what did the fans used to be called ?
what is the latest term used to describe beyoncé fans ?
what was the former word given to beyoncé fans ?
what word does " bey hive " derive from ?
beyonce has a clothing line known as what ?
which french magazine did beyonce show up on the cover of ?
beyonce was seen wearing what on the french magazine that caused controversy ?
which year did peta spark controversy with beyonce ?
what did peta criticize beyonce for in 2006 ?
what french magazine cover did the media criticize ?
how was she dressed on the cover of l'officiel ?
what french magazine did beyoncé appear in wearing blackface and tribal makeup ?
what clothing line of beyoncé drew peta criticism ?
what type of magazine is l'officiel ?
which racial community gave criticism to beyonce ?
which professor from northeastern university wrote about how race correlates with these criticisms of beyonce ?
which company was accused of coloring beyonce 's hair ?
what did vogue request ?
how did l'oreal respond to accusations of changing pictures ?
in addition to her light skin color , what else has made part of the african american community criticize beyoncé ?
in 2007 , which music professor said he believes this criticism does involve race as well ?
who was accused of lightening beyoncé 's skin for an advertisement ?
what advertisement was beyoncé 's skin supposedly lightened in ?
who did beyoncé tell in 2013 to only use natural pictures of her rather than retouched images ?
artist of the decade was bestowed upon beyonce from which magazine ?
whats the first year that beyonce appear on the time 100 list ?
beyonce than appeared again on the time 100 list in what year ?
what did the guardian name her ?
when did beyonce first make the time 100 list ?
when was she again on the time 100 list and on the cover ?
who said that she is the reigning national voice ?
who stated that beyoncé is the most important musician of the 21st century ?
which publication named beyoncé the artist of the decade ?
what list did beyoncé make in 2013 ?
who said beyoncé is the heir-apparent diva of the united states ?
what year was beyoncé featured both on the time 100 list as well as the cover of the issue ?
which rock band cited beyonce on their third album ?
which friend learned from beyonce while preparing for the film , " country strong ? "
nicky minaj became a spokesperson for which brand of soda after seeing beyonce involved with it ?
what influenced nicki minaj to join the pepsi global campaign ?
which band listed beyonce as an inspiration on their latest album ?
what about beyonce has influenced many entertainers ?
for what film was paltrow studying beyonce ?
which indie band said beyoncé was an inspiration for one of hteir albums ?
what was the name of the white rabbits ' album ?
who studied beyoncé during live concerts for research for a film 's music role ?
what was the name of the film that gwyneth paltrow starred in as a musician ?
beyoncé 's pepsi commercial inspired which star to join pepsi 's global campaign in 2012 ?
vh1 declared what song the " greatest song of the 2000s ? "
how many grammy awards did " crazy in love " win ?
how many did crazy in love sell to become one of the greatest selling singles in history ?
what type of organism was named after beyonce in 2012 ?
a place for beyonce in the rock and roll hall of fame was awarded when ?
which of beyonce 's songs was called greatest song of the 2000s ?
how many grammy awards did crazy in love get ?
how many copies did crazy in love sell ?
who released the single girls love beyonce ?
which publication considers crazy in love to be one of the top 500 songs of all time ?
who sang " girls love beyoncé " in 2013 ?
what did bryan lessard name after beyoncé ?
how many copies of her albums as beyonce sold in the us ?
totaling worldwide , how many records as beyonce sold ?
how many certifications was beyonce awarded by the riaa ?
when beyonce was with destiny 's child , how many albums did she manage to sell ?
who was the first female to achieve the international artist award at the american music awards ?
how many albums has beyonce as a solo artist sold in the u.s ?
how many has she sold worldwide ?
how many records has she sold with destiny 's child ?
when did she receive the legend award ?
how many music certifications has she received in the 2000s ?
how many records has beyoncé sold in the united states ?
how many records has beyoncé sold throughout the world ?
who cited beyoncé as being the top certified artist of the 2000s ?
how many certifications did riaa give beyoncé ?
when did beyoncé receive the legend award ?
how many grammys has beyonce won total with and without destiny 's child ?
who is the only other woman with more grammy awards than beyonce ?
beyonce has been awarded how many grammy nominations ?
beyonce holds the record for how many wins in one night by a female ?
how many awards at the broadcast film critics association awards in 2006 did beyonce bring home ?
how many grammies has beyonce won ?
how many grammy nominations does beyonce have ?
when did she set the record for most grammy awards won in one night ?
who tied her record for most grammies won in one night in 2012 ?
how many grammys has beyoncé won ?
how many grammy nominations has beyoncé had ?
what beyoncé song was song of the year on 2010 ?
what movie had beyoncé nominated as best actress for golden globe awards ?
which soda company has beyonce partnered with since 2002 ?
pepsi paid beyonce how much in 2012 for her endorsement ?
which organization wrote a letter to beyonce after her pepsi endorsement deal ?
what percentage of people were positive about beyonce 's endorsement of pepsi ?
when did beyonce begin doing pepsi advetisments ?
who was in the commercial with beyonce in 2004 ?
what did she agree to do for 50 million dollars in 2012 ?
who sent her a letter asking that she reconsider the pepsi deal ?
what soft drink company has beyoncé worked with since 2002 ?
how much did beyoncé get for a deal with a soft drink company in 2012 ?
who asked her to change her mind about the soft drink deal due to the nature of the product ?
what organization discovered that the advertisements beyoncé did for the soft drink company were 70 % positive ?
beyonce worked with who on her perfumes , true star and true star gold ?
the world 's best selling celebrity perfume line belongs to whom ?
beyonce 's first fragrance had what name ?
the mrs. carter show limited edition was released in what year ?
how much money did the mrs. carter show limited edition fragrance make ?
what was beyonce 's 2010 perfume called ?
when was her second perfume , heat rush , released ?
what was beyonce 's third perfume named ?
how many editions of heat have been launched ?
which emporio armani fragrance did beyoncé promote in 2007 ?
what year did beyoncé introduce her first fragrance ?
what was beyoncé 's first fragrance called ?
how many editions of heat exist ?
how young was beyonce when she acquired deals from american express and l'oreal ?
what was the name of the video game that was cancelled for beyonce ?
when did beyonce begin her deals with name brands ?
how many people lost jobs when beyonce left the video game deal ?
how was the suit settled ?
what was the name of the video game ?
what video game did beyoncé back out of ?
what company was producing the video game ?
how many people lost their jobs over beyoncé backing out of the deal ?
when was the disagreement settled out of court ?
who did bayonce 's management go into business with in 2014 ?
after their agreement together , beyonce 's and topshop " new business was called what ?
what type of clothing does parkwood topshop athletic ltd produce ?
the company and products were set to be in stores when ?
who did beyonce partner with in london ?
when will the new line launch ?
what is the name of beyoncé 's management company ?
who did beyoncé and parkwood entertainment partner with in october 2014 ?
what was the new division of topshop because of the partnership ?
when was it discovered beyonce was a co-owner of the music service , tidal ?
the parent company of tidal became under the ownership of whom in 2015 ?
when was it announced that beyonce was a co-owner in tidal ?
what kind of service is tidal ?
what is a criticism of other streaming services ?
what music streaming system is beyoncé part owner of ?
what is the parent company of the music service beyoncé owns part of ?
who acquired the parent company of the music service beyoncé owns part of ?
what music service is accused of providing low royalty amounts ?
house of dereon became known through beyonce and which of beyonce 's relatives ?
beyonce 's grandma 's name was ?
beyonce 's family 's company name is what ?
what types of garments are sold by beyonce 's clothing line ?
which two countries can you purchase beyonce 's clothing line ?
who partnered with beyonce to start the clothing line , dereon ?
when did beyonce and her mother start dereon ?
who was the business named for in beyonce 's family ?
where were items from the clothing line displayed ?
who shares in the house of deréon fashion line introduction with beyoncé ?
what is the name of the house of deréon junior collection ?
what type of accessory company did beyonce partner with in 2005 ?
in 2010 , beyonce released dereon to what country ?
back-to-school shopping was introduced in what year of beyonce 's clothing line ?
what did beyonce 's fashion diva feature ?
what new idea did beyonce and her mother launch in 2009 ?
when did beyonce partner with c & a to sell fashion in brazil ?
what company did beyoncé get together with in 2005 to add shoes to her fashions ?
what was the name of the game put out by starwave mobile in 2008 that featured beyoncé fashions ?
what was the name of the junior fashions launched in 2009 by beyoncé and her mother ?
who did beyoncé team up with in 2010 to get her fashions into brazil ?
sasha fierce for deréon fashions were sold at stores that included macy 's and what other store ?
beyonce , during october 2014 , partnered with whom to produce an outdoor line of clothing ?
beyonce and topshops first products were to be sold in stores when ?
what is the new business called ?
when will the full line appear ?
what company did beyoncé contract with to sell clothing in england ?
what is the name of the equal partnership 's fashion line between beyoncé and the british company to come out in 2016 ?
what type of clothing does the british partnership with beyoncé sell ?
what national disaster caused beyonce to create the survivor foundation ?
how much cash did beyonce put into the venture , the survivor foundation at startup ?
what hurricane years later after katrina did the organization provide support for ?
what did beyonce and rowland found in 2005 ?
how much did beyonce initially contribute to the foundation ?
how has this foundation changed in recent years ?
what foundation did beyoncé start after hurricane katrina ?
how much money did beyoncé contribute at the beginning of her hurricane katrina foundation ?
what other hurricane did beyoncé 's foundation help with ?
who did beyonce participate with in the hope for haiti now : a global benefit ?
beyonce opened a cosmetology center in what location ?
after osama bin laden 's death , what single did beyonce cover ?
how much did the t-shirt with beyonce 's image on it make ?
what enterprise did beyonce and her mother start on march 5 , 2010 ?
